Manage your Smart Investor accounts
with the Barclays app.
Wherever you are,
you can take your investments with you.
With the Barclays app, you can manage
your investing in just a few simple taps.
You can check the value
of your investments.
Pay money into your investment account.
Find investments that might
be right for you.
Buy investments to
expand your portfolio.
Sell your investments as your needs,
goals and level of risk changes.
And even set up automatic regular investments
to invest specific amounts over time.
Remember, the value of investments can
fall as well as rise, and you may
get back less than you invest.
If you're planning on investing small amounts,
you should consider the impact
of our fees on your investments.
Invest with the Barclays app.
Here, there or anywhere.